---
layout:     post
title:      Reading List for 2017
date:       2016-12-31
summary:    A surprising amount of consideration went into this
tags: 
  -   Fiction
  -   Sci-fi
  -   Non-fiction
allow_comments: TRUE
---

##  2017 Reading list

I read at night in bed. It's my surefire way to calm my mind down so I can fall asleep. It's a bedtime ritual that has become more of a need than a simple convenience. To get me excited for 2017, I've gone ahead and created a list of books I plan to read in 2017. My plan is to pair a non-fiction selection with a fiction one so I can switch back and forth whenever I need a change (this would have been incredibly useful for The Power Broker). This blog post is going to be a living document as I work through this list. My hypothethis is that I won't get through all 100% of the books listed here, but I think I'm at least setting myself up for success. What is success here? Always having something interesting and compelling going through my mind before I fall asleep. 

### Non-fiction

* The One Hour China Book
* Where East Eats West
* Surely You’re Joking, Mr. Feynman! - Richard P. Feynman
* Blue Like Jazz
* Death and Life of Great American Cities - Jane Jacobs
* Hacking the Xbox - Bunnie Huang
* Shoedog - Nike book
* Sapiens - Yuval Noah Harari
* Influence - Robert Cialdini
* Extreme Ownership - Jocko

### Fiction

* Red Mars - Kim Stanley Robinson <em>(started)</em>
* Atlas Shrugged - Ayn Rand
* Siddhartha - Hermann Hesse
* Spin
* The Time Machine
* Handmaid's tale
* The wild shore - Kim Stanley Robinson
* Stranger in a strange land - Robert A. Heinlin

### Mornings (to read just little snippets at a time)

* The Bible - ESV 
* Meditations - Marcus Aurelius
* Tao Te Ching - Lao Tzu
* Art of approximation
* On Growth and Form
* A Pattern Language
* Leaves of Grass - Walt Whittman

### Bonus

* The Power Broker (finish it, I got about 1/3 of the way through and had to take a break)

### Books that didn't make the cut this time around
* 1984
* Murder on the Orient Express
* Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea
* The Magicians - Lev Grossman
